README.md, before:

# Today I Learned

This is a repository of things I've learned as I go about my day. TILs are short Markdown documents explaining concepts, syntax, commands, or other developer tips I've recently learned.

This repository is inspired by [TILs from Thoughtbot][thoughtbot-tils] and [TILs from jbranchaud][jbranchaud-tils].

For new TILs, follow me on [Twitter][twitter].

---

### Categories

- [Clojure](#clojure)
- [curl](#curl)
- [diff](#diff)
- [Kubernetes](#kubernetes)
- [OAuth](#oauth)

---

### Clojure

- [Returned from swap!](clojure/returned_from_swap\!.md)
- [Thread `->` vs. doto](clojure/thread_vs_doto.md)

### curl

- [data or form](curl/data-or-form.md)

### diff

- [diff directory contents](diff/directory_contents.md)

### Kubernetes

- [probes](kubernetes/probes.md)

### OAuth

- [client_credentials No Refresh Token](oauth/client_credentials_no_refresh_token.md)

## License

© 2022 Matthew Boston
Distributed under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license][license].

[license]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
[thoughtbot-tils]: https://github.com/thoughtbot/til
[jbranchaud-tils]: https://github.com/jbranchaud/til
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/bostonaholic

Commit message:

link to my LinkedIn profile

README.md, after:

# Today I Learned

This is a repository of things I've learned as I go about my day. TILs are short Markdown documents explaining concepts, syntax, commands, or other developer tips I've recently learned.

This repository is inspired by [TILs from Thoughtbot][thoughtbot-tils] and [TILs from jbranchaud][jbranchaud-tils].

For new TILs, follow me on [Twitter][twitter] or [LinkedIn][linkedin].

---

### Categories

- [Clojure](#clojure)
- [curl](#curl)
- [diff](#diff)
- [Kubernetes](#kubernetes)
- [OAuth](#oauth)

---

### Clojure

- [Returned from swap!](clojure/returned_from_swap\!.md)
- [Thread `->` vs. doto](clojure/thread_vs_doto.md)

### curl

- [data or form](curl/data-or-form.md)

### diff

- [diff directory contents](diff/directory_contents.md)

### Kubernetes

- [probes](kubernetes/probes.md)

### OAuth

- [client_credentials No Refresh Token](oauth/client_credentials_no_refresh_token.md)

## License

© 2022 Matthew Boston
Distributed under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license][license].

[license]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
[thoughtbot-tils]: https://github.com/thoughtbot/til
[jbranchaud-tils]: https://github.com/jbranchaud/til
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/bostonaholic
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/bostonaholic
